add fcenet (#133)
open-mmlab/mmocr: configs/textdet/fcenet/README.MD

# Fourier Contour Embedding for Arbitrary-Shaped Text Detection

## Introduction

[ALGORITHM]

```bibtex

> @misc{zhu2021fourier,
>       title={Fourier Contour Embedding for Arbitrary-Shaped Text Detection}, 
>       author={Yiqin Zhu and Jianyong Chen and Lingyu Liang and Zhanghui Kuang and Lianwen Jin and Wayne Zhang},
>       year={2021},
>       eprint={2104.10442},
>       archivePrefix={arXiv},
>       primaryClass={cs.CV}
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
@InProceedings{zhu2021fourier,
      title={Fourier Contour Embedding for Arbitrary-Shaped Text Detection}, 
      author={Yiqin Zhu and Jianyong Chen and Lingyu Liang and Zhanghui Kuang and Lianwen Jin and Wayne Zhang},
      year={2021},
      booktitle = {CVPR}
     }
```
